and christy is the part that he goes in
the tree for now glimpse is he gonna go
sit back in the trees statics what was
waiting for him to christy is gonna heal
all massage she will go down as a result
humbly more dental massages well he's
still gonna make up the witch doctor
with this the cops our ground 0 t he
gets change done that was very fortunate
and Chrissy ball back to take this fight
yeah I think he could get a cramp and
killed I think changed on cooldown
though disrupt her on the run and he
should make it home keep mine dragging
out in theory could buy back a soil and
join fight but looks like he's gonna
build with the stamms output is very
lackluster so cool don't know as they go
into the roach pit I'm a sammich gonna
get picked off okay that's a sad way to
die at the same spot on here come
through well they're not gonna jump in
yet but here's the same variance santak
storming descended by man boy i'm
waiting for you with the EPI but yeah
actually snatch the aegis that's who
she's gonna come back a lot of key he's
dropping the world he's gonna go down
without actually using a zombie /
disruptor gets picked up in the air the
game could be over just from this wrong
play up a kill if you could kill the
aegis saggin or a second defeat yeah hey
okay that's right overcome in yeah but
he did have you'll so it could uh yeah
maybe not the static started to be used
now they're gonna get a secretary pick
up they catch out earth-shaking thurs
necro set but never gets fire strikes
and gearing down but this is where the
poop it comes is because yeah you got to
be back in defender tired now yeah so
it's still worthwhile smoked bacon
they're gonna catch mounted the sprout
by respective taller than they dust and
breathe love the way back to victory but
queen of pain sound with just that one I
mean this is war pkp would have made a
difference in Si was as if I would not
have let's take off by chrisy to me
Chris tnc seems really cognizant of
these smokes I say that he's gonna get
jumped on Kenny activates became be
great floor step he want me to be
kidding right now thank you though the
middle the statics are on top of stuff
yeah yes he doesn't have locking bar
thrown a lot of backup damage do they
have that healing words it's a lover for
human we're not being focused
everybody's still alive p he's still
running away blink dagger forward and
looks like he won't go down as a we
don't nobody dies so on the side of the
grave coming out of this brood mother
just exactly explain more ballsy than
she should
well they see her nose around he's going
to go instantly in the disruptor the
Requiem come bowl and then they're gonna
be falls back to your Christy on the
front lines with a DD root of all things
a you cannot what is it is somebody I'm
not gonna get out of there at this
chaotic place not favoring tnc as rage
got the better job the blink Requiem I
mean we say it's not no that's an early
healing word Oh echoed with hardly a B
infection please don't actually run out
of there alive spill come on episode of
on the backlight but looks like slick I
canceled by directly I'm through mother
attacking with a BKB by back amelie from
the shaker we're gonna need to see some
by back from TNC or this will not even
last 20 40 minutes they don't have five
back all three of those here okay
nature's problem the only one with a
buyback sido de hope that TNC is not
blowing away because they're a very
exciting team of rock sonic wave there's
actually going to hit in there yeah to
me it's a team you feat playing together
as 500 mil play for a while they'll
continue to do so they'll look at this
column right back for the most part as a
success and we bring down the ages but
good luck killing this guy a second time
Chrissy not gonna go to the side of his
which makes the way look disrupter
Nicholson back in good have cited Sunday
want but they'll bring him down army /
look at that camera go you know what
they're not choosing out yet I like that
it's the last night you may have a point
five percent chance to win but you know
what else you got loose the creeps he
needs to bring back and even kill the
crew yeah they need Omni / like a Giambi
/ right now where is that juggernauts
come me on the right side he actually
can't even get into the fight shadow
being zoning everybody out they've lost
Sam H again they're just gonna forget to
work on the tier three towers he a rave
feels like there's nothing they can do
to lose this game at this point
I'm going to focus down the racks mega
creeps is surely here TLC will fight to
the bitter end sonic wave is coming back
in just a bit all but the echo swam here
from the shaker and it's gonna bring
down teehee once again have we seen an
omni / this game because I haven't same
with the epicenter since like maybe they
got it for like why don't you solo kills
hero there but unfortunately the team
fights have just going to be going raved
way every single time they position so
well since if there's never an omni /
opportunity spams the slider fist get
some low and then okay jugs half HP
let's fully commit let's kill now before
y'all many /c got too good and calling
you here Chrissy how many feet I this to
me is him and Rio are the two star
players of his team like